README.md, before:

## Next Generation Attribution

<hr>

*The NGA team's attribution codebase.*

<br>

[![Project Status: Active](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

`next-gen-attribution` is a package developed by the NGA team in close collaboration with EF Digital and Tours that contains:

- Preprocessor classes
- Attribution classes
- Workflow scripts
- Visualization

© Education First 2022

## Documentation

The official documentation is hosted on this repository's [wiki](), along with a long-term roadmap. A short-term todo list for this project is posted on our [kanban board](https://trello.com/b/r3LKElQD/tours-working-group).


## Installation
Set up a Python 3.11.0 virtual environment, then make the following local invocations from the terminal:

```
pip install -e .

pre-commit install

pre-commit autoupdate

pre-commit run --all-files
```

## Unit tests

After installation, make the following local invocation from the terminal:
```
pytest
```

## Quick Start

```
python workflows/attribution/data/preprocessing.py --businessUnit=tours --workflowMode=dev

python workflows/attribution/model/train.py --modelType=shapley --workflowMode=dev
```

Commit message:

add instructions for datasets/ in README

README.md, after:

## Next Generation Attribution

<hr>

*The NGA team's attribution codebase.*

<br>

[![Project Status: Active](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

`next-gen-attribution` is a package developed by the NGA team in close collaboration with EF Digital and Tours that contains:

- Preprocessor classes
- Attribution classes
- Workflow scripts
- Visualization

© Education First 2022

## Documentation

The official documentation is hosted on this repository's [wiki](), along with a long-term roadmap. A short-term todo list for this project is posted on our [kanban board](https://trello.com/b/r3LKElQD/tours-working-group).


## Installation
Set up a Python 3.11.0 virtual environment, then make the following local invocations from the terminal:

```
pip install -e .

pre-commit install

pre-commit autoupdate

pre-commit run --all-files
```

## Unit tests

After installation, make the following local invocation from the terminal:
```
pytest
```

## Quick Start

First create an `datasets/20221116/` directory and copy "conversion.csv" "lytics_cleaned.csv", "lytics_web_data_last_5_expanded.csv" to that location.

Then to invoke the following two commands from the terminal:
```
python workflows/attribution/data/preprocessing.py --businessUnit=tours --workflowMode=dev

python workflows/attribution/model/train.py --modelType=shapley --workflowMode=dev
```
